This aiding document was created by Azarious#5639

There are 3 tips to developing great roleplay:

1st tip: Use all 5 senses - Taste, tough, sight, hearing, and smell. How does it taste? (I.E. Sweet, juicy strawberries that 
quenched the thirst,) or how does something feel when touched? Is it rough or smooth, etc. What you see, hear, and smell in short, detail is 
important! Pointing out the senses your characters feel is an easy step in the right direction.


2nd tip: Use real world experiences to enhance your story! How did it feel when you drunk a hot cup of coffee fresh from the brewer?
Was it too hot upon the first sip? How did you react to such? How would your character react to such? This adds more in-depth, and uses 
your real world learning to add more naturally developed interactions. How your character learns is also important to take into consideration,
do they learn better from visual aid? Auditory? Or actually doing the practice? Development is very important for long-term roleplays, so
this may become more handy than you'd think! As stated before, the more detail and effor you put into it, the better!

3rd tip: Enjoy the roleplay! Don’t rush it like something that is supposed to be executed in one day. Go absolutely ham with your details!
It’s not a competition! (But it can be hehe) Whether it's a casual rp, some romance rp, holding hands and such, or an action packed rp with
fighting/sparring, it’s suppose to be between 2+ like minded people. Everyone should be roleplaying with the goal of having fun!



The tips given, also know that there are many RP styles, and feel free to experiment until you find one that you like!

Verbal speech - “Greetings my name is zionatom and i will be your instructor for this current lesson please take your seats so we ca
n get started on today’s lesson.”
[Quotations used to seperate dialogue from actions. Written like a typical book format.]

Actions are italicization - *Zion took the ruler from the desk and pointedly towards the board with the entire lesson ready to go. 
beginning and end*
[Assuming discord rules, it is another way to seperate dialoge from actions. Asterisks italicize the actions, while normal font is
the dialogue]

Actions are bold - **When he did he looked back to see a student not bothering to pay attention and suddenly 
the ruler grew to absurd lvls and i smacked his table getting everyone’s attention.**
[Similar to the previous one, but bold instead]



Thoughts/OOC Symbols:
[Now you ALL listen here or i’ll kick everyone out of here DO i make myself clear!]
(He is talking to us directly oh no YES SIR.)
Good now look at the board and pay attention!.))
//Oh okay, just making sure.
